My Little Pony
Friendship is Magic
Friendship is Magic
Friendship is Magic

I used to wonder what friendship could be | Until you all shared its magic with me
Big adventure
Tons of fun
A beautiful heart
Faithful and strong
Sharing kindness
Do you know you're all my very best friends?
Do you know you're all my very best friends?
Do you know you're all my very best friends?
WINTER WRAP UP! WINTER WRAP UP!!
Three months of ~~winter coolness~~ Spotify premium | And awesome ~~holidays~~ synonym
The Magic of Friendship Grows
When I started out, I was unsure
This is where the magic happens
Our friendships weave together stronger
The bonds grow deeper, lasting longer
And the greatest spell you'll know | Is how the Magic of Friendship grows
And no matter how much time goes by | The party will still be here with some fun new games to try
Long as we're still here together | We'll be flying happily
The elements of harmony
We're not flawless | We're a work in progress
Heads high, ponies! Marching proud!
All together now! Every one of you! No pony left behind!
Life is a smile in Our Town
Winning only breeds the worst | Ego-filled conceit
You can't have a nightmare | If you never dream
My name is Pinkie Pie
I'm gonna make you smile and I will brighten up your day
'Cause all I really need's a smile, smile, smile
I'll work real hard and do my best to turn that sad frown upside down
Come on everypony smile, smile, smile

To crush our enemies to death and laugh as they all scream
You think you've got problems? I know I'm awesome, but I can't even go to the bathroom without somepony trying to tell me how cool I am!
yay.
P U D D I N G!
I think I see a better way to be bad!
I didn't wanna believe you cursed us. But the evidence is overwhelming.
You made me look ridiculous
Laughs don't come in barrels. They come from inside you as your body's response to delight.
He's my shmoopy-doopy sweedy-weedy pony pie
Eeyup.
I just don't know what went wrong!
Just make it 20% cooler
Dear Princess Celestia,
I didn't learn a thing. I was right all along
Of all the worst things that could happen, this is THE. WORST. POSSIBLE. THING.
Uhm... I'm just wondering if it's okay if I hold you down against your will for a little bit?
Just put the hay in the apple and eat the candle.
oki doki loki
- Pinkie Pie, you're a genius! | - No, I'm not. I'm a chicken.

Post the ponies, the mods are asleep | I liked MLP, now watch my posting technique
Uploading daily technicolor quadrupeds infecting all the existing pages | Reaching people from all ages, making music, art and videogames
The end of the series is not the end of the road | Not now that we have activated the great pony mode
Hi friend! | I hope you don’t mind me stoppin’ by | Just thought | You looked a little misty in the eyes
A flower blooms silently to all but those who watch | The shade obscures the petals, but a blossom knows its nectar
Oh, maybe I'll just stay home today | What's the point of going out | When the element of loyalty can't wait to leave?
And the diaries I kept are stories left untold | And nothing is all so simple in this world, oh
He was a colt, she was a mare | Can I make it any more on-the-nose?
No matter where we go | I’ll hold you in my mind
There’s a home back there that’s waiting just for me
Oh, a unicorn horn makes a unicorn stride | It's the more-head on your forehead, it's the source of your pride
Human beings fascinate me | Being just the way they are | Tell me little pony can you | Push a cart or drive a car?
Mare of crystal come, | Command us but with just a whisper, | And it shall be done

A beautiful tune tugged at his ears, like a morning sunrise lifting a waking foal out of bed.
She levitated the next book in the stack, blew some dust from the cover, and read the title. | Delicious! Have some more! A Nighttime Snack!
You still hungry, Twilight? I’m sure I could fix you up something better than crackers and grapes.
But it’s true! At best, all this just proves that I’m a fan of some pony stuff, but I’m not actually a pony!
Twilight smiled as she inconspicuously set the book to the side. It wouldn’t do to attract attention to it while she was gathering data.
I can't fly, so the most I could do is tell her to be careful.
And so every day is like this. Wake, sleep, and await Twilight Sparkle’s arrival. Each visit is new and magical.
After all, as you said, I do not currently have control of the Equestrian government.
Mom raises an eyebrow, but if she’s about to say anything I cut her off and plow ahead. I need to finally get this out of me.
"**I… DO NOT LIKE… TEA.**"
“There is a specific degenerate case that I am preventing,” she said, her face turning very serious. “Think about what would happen if you could get anything you wanted at any time.”
I am the sparks in the dark that exist as a dream - I am the process, but not the machine.
Maud usually mined rocks alone. Her younger sister, the party pony who doesn't mind attention, often joked that Maud loves *mining off-camera*.
